## Introduction

Accurate predictions of protein-ligand binding free energies are a key goal of computational chemistry.
Despite this, calculations of protein-ligand binding thermodynamics involve a number of challenging choices, including specifying the protonation state of ionizable residues, adding hydrogens or otherwise adjusting the initial protein structure, and placing the ligand in the binding pocket, for which there is no consensus in the computational chemistry community.
Recently, calculations on the reversible work of ligand binding to bromodomain proteins was completed [@doi:10.1021/acs.jctc.7b00275], with deviations from experiment in the 1-2 kcal/mol range and uncertainties on the order of ~0.5 kcal/mol. 
Here, we report the calculation of binding free energies, enthalpies, and entropies of drug-like guest molecules to α- and β-cyclodextrin host molecules, converged to within ~0.1 kcal/mol, using the attach-pull-release method.
These calculations, which are easier to sample and have been experimentally characterized using a variety of methods, offer an opportunity to benchmark---and ultimately optimize---new and existing force fields.
We compare the predictions of three force fields: GAFF v1.7 [@doi:10.1002/jcc.20035], GAFF v2.1, and SMIRNOFF99Frosst [@doi:10.1021/acs.jctc.8b00640; @url:https://openforcefield.org].

SMIRNOFF99Frosst, released in late 2018, is the first force field produced by the Open Force Field Initiative.
SMIRNOFF99Frosst is derived from AMBER parm99 [@doi:10.1080/07391102.1999.10508297] and Merck's parm@Frosst [@url:http://www.ccl.net/cca/data/parm_at_Frosst/].
Instead of relying on atom types to assign force field parameters to compounds, which is the procedure followed by the `tleap` program that parameterizes molecules in AmberTools, SMIRNOFF99Frosst and the Open Force Field Toolkit use the local chemical environment of each atom to apply force field parameters using SMIRKS strings [@url:http://daylight.com/dayhtml_tutorials/languages/smirks/].
This process simplifies and effectively uncouples the parameters for each term in the force field.
That is, the addition of a new Lennard-Jones parameter does not require the addition of new bonded, angle, and dihedral parameters involving the same atom. 
These factors lead to a much more lean force field specification; there are over 3000 lines of parameters in GAFF v1.7, over 6000 lines of parameters in GAFF v2.1, and just ~300 parameters in SMIRNOFF99Frosst version 1.0.5.

Thus far, SMIRNOFF99Frosst has been tested on hydration free energies of 642 small molecules, and the densities and dielectric constants of 45 pure organic liquids [@doi:10.1021/acs.jctc.8b00640].
Here we benchmark SMIRNOFF99Frosst using noncovalent binding thermodynamics using two flexible host molecules and thirty three guests containing three different functional group moieties.
We first show that SMIRNOFF99Frosst does about as well as the conventional force fields, GAFF v1.7 and GAFF v2.1, predicting experimental binding free energies, enthalpies, and entropies.
We then characterize the conformational differences produced by SMIRNOFF99Frosst compared to the other force fields.