## Discussion

As a terse representation of a GAFF-like force field, SMIRNOFF99Frosst performs remarkably well. 
Despite having far fewer parameters than GAFF v1.7 and GAFF v2.1, SMIRNOFF99Frosst performs as well as GAFF v1.7 and better than GAFF v2.1 on estimated binding free energies of small molecules to αCD and βCD, based on the mean signed error relative to experiment.
** I think we need to be careful here.  GAFF2.1 is worse on RMSE, but better on $R^2$, which is not unimportant.**
Moreover, SMIRNOFF99Frosst performs better than either GAFF v1.7 or GAFF v2.1 on predicted binding enthalpies, with a mean signed error less than 1 kcal/mol.
**GAFF2.1 is not so much worse on RMSE,and it is notably better on $R^2$.**
GAFF v2.1 has excellent agreement with experiment on predicted binding entropy, followed by SMIRNOFF99Frosst and then GAFF v1.7.
Taken together, these results support the notion that a force field with many fewer parameters can provide competitive performance.
The reduction in the number of parameters, and the simplification of the force field specification, will make it easier to iteratively refine and optimize SMIRNOFF99Frosst against experimental data and the results of quantum mechanical calculations.

However, both SMIRNOFF99Frosst and GAFF v1.7 result in excessively **I think the results section needs to make the case that these are not just more flexible, but too flexible** flexible representations of the cyclodextrin hosts.
It has been shown that there are 2--7 H<sub>2</sub>O inside αCD and 8--11 H<sub>2</sub>O molecules inside βCD [@doi:10.1021/ja00427a050; @doi:10.1021/cr9700181].
It is likely that simulations with SMIRNOFF99Frosst and GAFF v1.7 result in fewer resident waters inside the cyclodextrin cavity due to intrusions from glucose units.
**I think the above assertion will read as somewhat weak, since we are speculating about something that we could have checked.  I think we should either check this in our results to confirm or deny it, or delete the speculation.**
Futhermore, it is known that sugars and conjugated carbohydrates are especially difficult for many "general" force fields, due to the highly polar bonds in sugars, the number of chiral centers, and the large structural differences between chiral isomers [@doi:10.1002/wcms.89].
**I'm not sure what the prior sentence adds. At any rate, it doesn't address the quality of any of the FFs considered here.**

The combination of X-ray and NMR data suggest that the specialized q4md-CD [@doi:10.1039/c1cp20854c] force field, and the rigid GAFF v2.1 [@doi:10.1021/acs.jctc.7b00359] force field, better model the flexibility of the CD cavity.
**Aha, here are the data!  
Cézard, *et al.* present strong NMR evidence that the vicinal ^3^J H5--H6′ (atom names H5--H62 in Figure @fig:atom-names) and ^3^J H5-H6″(atom names H5--H61) coupling show minimal fluctuation in distance over a number of timescales, suggesting little change in the population of rotamers [@doi:10.1039/c1cp20854c].
This is also evident in X-ray structures, where the rigidity of the cyclodextrin ring is retained as long as water is present in the cavity and the torsional angles between adjacent glycouril **glycouril would be cucurbituril; you mean glucose, right?** units show little variance across different crystal structures **right?** [@doi:10.1021/ja00427a050].
**Can we say roughly what the variance is?**
** I'm wondering whether the above comparison with experimental structural info should be moved to Results.  Though I realize that may leave the Discussion rather short...*
The CHARMM36 force field displays similar structural dynamics to q4md-CD, with certain GROMOS force fields even more rigid than those [@doi:10.1021/acs.jpcb.7b11808].

The greater rigidity of the cyclodextrins when simulated with GAFF2.1 may contribute to its tendency to generate greater binding affinities and more negative enthalpies than the other two force fields, as a more rigid host may not avoid an energy penalty associated with flipping the glucose residues out of the binding cavity to accommodate a guest molecule.  
The better preorganized cavity might also relate to the uniformly higher correlations between calculation and experiment for GAFF2.1.
On the other hand, it is perhaps unexpected that this force field which best represents the conformational preferences of the cyclodextrin yields consistently too negative binding free energies and enthalpies. 
The present results suggest that, as SMIRNOFF99Frosst is further developed, it will be important to include sugars and other carbohydrates in the training sets used to develop parameters.
This will be especially useful for modeling physiologically relevant protein structures, such as proteoglycans and glycopeptides.

More broadly, the results presented in this manuscript further demonstrate that host-guest binding thermodynamics can be used to benchmark force fields, to help diagnose issues with parameters applied to specific functional groups, and to suggest directions for improvements. 
We are therefore continuing to build out experimental host-guest datasets tuned for this purpose, and to further streamline host-guest binding calculations so that they may be incorporated into automated tools to optimize force field parameters.

[Discussion is still rough around the edges. Two immediate thoughts: I could focus more about how SMIRNOFF99Frosst does modeling cyclodextrins (currently the middle paragraph of this section). Or, I could be more circumspect, connecting with the Introduction, and mentioning that host-guest systems are good models and identify force field errors. This section would benefit from some concrete input.]{.banner .lightgrey}
