## Code and data availability
- [GitHub repository](https://github.com/slochower/smirnoff-host-guest) used to convert AMBER input files from GAFF force field to SMIRNOFF99Frosst.
- [GitHub repository](https://github.com/slochower/smirnoff-host-guest-simulations-data) for setting up the attach-pull-release calculations using `paprika` version 0.0.3.
- [GitHub repository](https://github.com/slochower/smirnoff-host-guest-simulations) for analyzing the simulations and generating the plots in this manuscript.
- [GitHub repository](https://github.com/openforcefield/openforcefield) for the Open Force Field group containing the toolkit and force field XML file.

## Author contributions
Conceptualization: DRS, NMH, DLM, JDC, MKG; Methodology: DRS, NMH; Software: DRS, NMH; Formal Analysis: DRS, NMH, JDC, MKG; Investigation: DRS, NMH; Resources: MKG, JDC;  Data Curation: DRS, NMH; Writing-Original Draft: DRS; Writing - Review and Editing: DRS, NMH, JDC, MKG, LPW; Visualization: DRS; Supervision: DLM, JDC, MKG; Project Administration: MKG; Funding Acquisition: MKG.

## Acknowledgments 
This work was funded in part by grant GM061300 to MKG from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences of the NIH.
JDC was funded in part by grants R01 GM121505 and R01 GM124270 from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences of the NIH and P30 CA008748 from the National Cancer Institute of the NIH.
The contents of this publication are solely the responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily represent the official views of the NIH.

## Disclosures
The authors declare the following competing financial interest(s): MKG has an equity interest in and is a cofounder and scientific advisor of VeraChem LLC.
JDC is a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of OpenEye Scientific Software.
The Chodera laboratory receives or has received funding from multiple sources, including the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy, Relay Therapeutics, Entasis Therapeutics, Silicon Therapeutics, EMD Serono (Merck KGaA), AstraZeneca, XtalPi, the Molecular Sciences Software Institute, the Starr Cancer Consortium, the Open Force Field Consortium, Cycle for Survival, a Louis V. Gerstner Young Investigator Award, the Einstein Foundation, and the Sloan Kettering Institute.
A complete funding history for the Chodera lab can be found at http://choderalab.org/funding.


## List of abbreviations
APR, attach-pull-release; CD, cyclodextrin; GAFF, Generalized AMBER Force Field

## References {.page_break_before}

<!-- Explicitly insert bibliography here -->
<div id="refs"></div>
